New interface of Telegrams.
You can fix or update the appearance of the window in the phone for a long time, or you can create an additional new interface for this program.
The new interface will perform the following tasks:
- more natural communication of people around the globe,
- cultural development,
- commercial projects,
- possible use at the Tokyo Olympics,
- etc.

Interface design option: a vertical wall of four vertically placed monitors (2 * 2). There is a camera in the middle.
These interfaces are located in various locations around the world, such as country capitals, historic sites, sports venues, restaurants, etc.

The image transmitted from the camera of the other interface will transmit the image in full size. 
Thus creating the effect of presence. 
If the interface is made in the form of a triangular prism, 
bypassing it we will be able to see the full panorama of the place from where the video is being broadcast. 
The program installed on the phone by the QR code of the image on the monitors can connect to the cameras of the interface that is broadcast. 
You can take pictures live, shoot videos.

The interfaces can be located with walls (at some intervals) located in one row, 
for example, parallel to the treadmill of a sports competition. 
On the one hand, there is an Olympic athlete, on the other hand, a simple person who decided to overtake him. 
And here and there the result of the race can come out. There is a chance that you will get the best race result. 
And the Olympian will know about it too! (option for dealing with the pandemic).

The only thing that really will have to work a lot is the effect of presence, 
since we cannot install cameras directly on the screen so that they work, but when
volume did not obstruct the monitor. 
The idea is to put not one but several cameras at once around the perimeter. 
The view from them will be different, 
but now there are programs that are able to combine several images into one, while not losing the proportions and placement of images.

False windows in the restaurant. 
Windows overlooking another city. 
You will see what is happening in real time in another city. 
And passers-by will see you.

Cultural development. 
Picturesque panoramas of historical places at different times of the day, and not only when it is convenient for the guides.
